Get up, dear disciple
It's been 5 years, and you can do everything your teacher should teach you.
You should get out of jail too
The master waits for the disciple to go out
I'll get you out
Disciple, you underestimate the three of us too much
If we want to go out
How can this little Sauron Jade stop me?
Yes, disciple
Did you know
With the master flying blade is the king of killers in the world
Your second master, Ji Qingyu, is the richest man in the world
And I, Bai Yunyan, am the king of the underground forces
If it weren't for the three of us volunteering to come in
Who can catch us and what?
The identities of the three masters are so noble
So why are you volunteering to go out?
This involves the world's top secrets
Don't ask
You just need to know that after you get out of here
You are the spokesperson for the three of us in the world
This Dark Night King's Order
Can control the world's million killers
After getting out of here, you are the king of killers in the world
It's the master
This is the exclusive black card for the richest man.
Leading the world's largest economic conference
From today on, you are the Divine Emperor of Tongzhou Society
The new richest man in the world
It's the master
This is the largest basement in the world in Bandung
The power symbol of the Bandung cabinet
This session can call on millions of members of Bandung Hui
It's the third master
From now on, you will take the three of us to walk the world
Remember not to fall
I three are majestic
If you understand it, you will live up to the teacher's favor